(quirky upbeat music)
♪ Everybody's saying
silly things ♪
♪ Without knowing ♪
♪ That life brings a change ♪
♪ And they've been
checking all the sings ♪
♪ My friends say
I'm lovesick 'cause I ♪
♪ All I keep thinking
about is her ♪
♪ In my arms ♪
♪ Got to see what
love is about ♪
♪ And I won't be the same ♪
♪ Until she is mine ♪
♪ And my friends
keep telling me to ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ You got to cool it now ♪
♪ Ooh, watch out ♪
♪ You're gonna lose control ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ You got to slow it down ♪
♪ Slow it down ♪
♪ You're gonna fall in love ♪
♪ Every day I walk
her home from school ♪
♪ And she tells me ♪
♪ How she really feels ♪
♪ And there's no
doubt in my mind ♪
♪ That this girl is
one of a kind, oh ♪
♪ 'Cause all I keep
thinking about is her ♪
♪ In my arms ♪
♪ And I wont' feel the same ♪
♪ Until she is mine ♪
♪ And my friends
keep telling me ♪
♪ When ya got a girl ♪
♪ Who takes her time ♪
♪ You must slow the pace ♪
♪ You can't mess with her mind ♪
♪ If she feels the same ♪
♪ She'll let you know ♪
♪ Just prepare yourself ♪
♪ Or be ready to go ♪
♪ And I hope this message ♪
♪ Stays in your mind ♪
♪ 'Cause you almost
lost a girl ♪
♪ Who is right on time ♪
♪ Here's one more thing ♪
♪ That you gotta know ♪
♪ Just cool it down ♪
♪ And stay in control ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ You got to cool it now ♪
♪ Ooh, watch out ♪
♪ You're gonna lose control ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ You gotta slow it down ♪
♪ Slow it down ♪
♪ 'Cause you're gonna
fall in love, baby ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And all I keep
thinking about is her ♪
♪ In my arms ♪
♪ Now these problems
are one of a kind ♪
♪ And I'll never be the same ♪
♪ Until you are mine, oh ♪
♪ Listen to me ♪
♪ Let me tell you ♪
♪ Why you all
coming down on me ♪
♪ Tryna tell me how my life
is supposed to be ♪
♪ I know you're only trying ♪
♪ To help me out ♪
♪ Tryna show me what
life is really about ♪
♪ But this time ♪
♪ I'm gonna make it on my own ♪
♪ So why don't you fellas ♪
♪ Just leave me alone ♪
♪ Ronnie, Bobby,
Ricky and Mike ♪
♪ If I love the girl ♪
♪ Who cares who you like ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ You've got to cool it now ♪
♪ Ooh, watch out ♪
♪ You're gonna lose control ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ You better slow it down ♪
♪ Slow it down ♪
♪ 'Cause you're
gonna fall in love ♪
♪ Cool it now ♪
♪ Slow it down ♪
(basketball thudding)